feat(tutorial/dynamic-routes): improve text and snippets (#53)
tuono-labs/tuono-documentation: src/routes/documentation/tutorial/dynamic-routes.mdx

Reviewer: Right now the page has only "Create the Pokémon route" heading.
We should consider adding additional heading the divide the various sections 
since the code snippets make the page quite long.

Proposal:

1. Create the Pokémon route
2. Implement route server side
3. Implement route frontend side

Author: Makes sense to me! I added the headings in a separate commit

# Dynamic routes

## Creating a dynamic route

The homepage is ready with a full list of Pokémon. Good job!

> Now let's make the links point to an actual page by creating a new dynamic route.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, let's make the links point to an actual page by creating a new dynamic route.
```

> Create the folder `routes/pokemons` and add two new files: `[pokemon].tsx` and `[pokemon].rs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `routes/pokemons` folder and add the following files inside it:

- `[pokemon].rs`
- `[pokemon].tsx`
```
<details><summary>Result</summary>
<p>

<img width="790" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/40c739c2-30aa-4666-ad0c-65c0999c0461" />

</p>
</details>

> The new route will handle every request that points to e.g. `http://localhost:3000/pokemons/bulbasaur`.

Reviewer 2: This is a tricky one to word. WDYT about this?

```suggestion
The new route will handle every request that points to a URL in the format `/pokemons/SOME_POKEMON`, for example `http://localhost:3000/pokemons/bulbasaur`.
```

Reviewer: Rephrased the proposal above. We should not use "URL" when we are referring to a path (or pathname)
```suggestion
The new route will handle any request that points to a path in the `/pokemons/SOME_POKEMON` format.
Example URL: `http://localhost:3000/pokemons/bulbasaur`.
```

Reviewer: @jacobhq is my version fine to you?
@nicolasgasco You should also apply this change.

Reviewer 2: Yes that looks good

# Dynamic routes

> ## Creating a dynamic route

Reviewer 2: @marcalexiei If we only have one level 2 heading, I think it is redundant, and we should remove this, and keep the new heading level 2. WDYT?

Reviewer: You are right, that makes it more coherent with other tutorial pages.
I'll remove my comments about heading level.

Thanks

```suggestion
```

The homepage is ready with a full list of Pokémon. Good job!

Now, let's make the links point to an actual page by creating a new dynamic route.

Create the `routes/pokemons` folder and add the following files inside it:

- `[pokemon].rs`
- `[pokemon].tsx`

The new route will handle every request that points to e.g. `http://localhost:3000/pokemons/bulbasaur`.

> ## Implementing a server-side route

Reviewer: The main title is "Creating a dynamic route" so I consider this a subsection of it,
so it should be a level 3 heading

```suggestion
### Implementing a server-side route
```

}
```

> For the interface, paste the following snippet in `[pokemon].tsx`:

Reviewer: "interface" is a keyboard of TypeScript language so I consider avoiding its usage when referring to the user interface / page. 
How about
```suggestion
Now, let's proceed with the frontend. Paste the following snippet into `[pokemon].tsx`:
```

Author: Maybe we can say `UI`?

Reviewer: I would go ahead by using "client side" since is used in the title.
```suggestion
To set up the route client-side, simply paste the following code snippet into the `[pokemon].tsx` file.
```
From my perspective UI is not the correct term to use here,
the route component is a file that might contain logic that are not not strictly to rendering the user interface.
E.g.: setup background request

}
```

> ## Implementing a client-side route

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Implementing a client-side route
```

Same reason of "Implementing a server-side route"

}
```

> And let's add a stylesheet to give the finishing touch:

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
Finally, let's add a stylesheet to complete the look:
```
